hello and welcome to another GTA 5 video
this is game right and we're speaking
about the Colet edition and special
editions of the game which is actually
available to pre-order today so if you
guys don't check out
I pulled of mine from Amazon UK so yeah
that's where I got mine from on getting
a collector's edition because I'm super
excited by this game I'm mmm dying to
play this but anyway
the Rockstar give away some details that
we can spoke about to speak about today
this is not leaked stuff this is
official information a link will be in
description below so check that out
especially the the special edition and
éclairs Edition will contain a 50
caliber pistol and a bullpup shotgun so
basically we can customize that gun
we're trying to color the skins we can
add attachments onto as well also we get
a hammer
Oh imagine Trevor with a hammer in his
hand but blood everywhere
Paris game is very very visually bloody
and violent and sexual so they reload
blood on the screen we've got Trevor and
a hammer together as one banging away
like a headless chicken so I'm pretty
cool the next thing is a bonus outfits
tattoos and more so we've got one outfit
of each character Michael Franklin and
Trevor one outfit basically like a free
one almost twenty percent discount as
well to go along with it especially we
can get like one article of clothing so
that one can look at some sort a hoodie
or jacket a special haircut some facial
hair and a tattoo the biggest
announcement for me though is basically
Rockstar told us how we carry our
character for online so we pick two
parents from the GTA universe so any
cats that we want well not everything
not any cater for the cat addition we
get special one so we get Nico Bellic
Claude and misty so those two lost do
characters are from GTA 3 one was a slut
and one was the main character so that's
basically like a narrow focus on that
but those free Oh exclusive so the
collector's edition the game so you only
get it with that so that's a bit sucky
to be honest but anyway especially we
pick two parents I'll see a female and a
male they have sex intercourse and they
have sexual time and then we are born
the custom online cancer so basically we
can pick what ones we want more so if
I'm looking more like Niko Bellic
or act like him I can Basie bring that
doll right up and I'll look almost
identical most mobsteel is some some
sort of last segment of my female half
as well but anyway this doesn't just
affect the way you look well it does
that mostly affects the way you look but
generally it's all some enhance the way
you act as well so and parachuting more
illegal work we can be into sports
poking about some couch potato this will
impact your character your appearance
your skill sets and basically but also
you can still rank up within the online
experience but that's basically how it's
gonna work I hope I made it quite clear
basically pick two parents and you both
basically I pick a doll and that's it
which is pretty awesome next one I told
you guys this before but I'm guessing I
would tell it again it comes actually in
the article itself a special ability
bonus boost will basically mean you can
use your basically without regenerate
20% faster if you have the special
edition or Colette's edition of the game
so the base is making single-player a
little bit more easier so the special
abilities are basically I'll give an
example
michael is a experts marksman so he's
very good at basically not slow down
time do like imax painting style slow-mo
and there helps me a lot
no see this we generate a lot quicker
making it easy for like if the comeback
it's very intense who helps out a lot
additional to this we get five new stunt
plane trials for the game I'm guessing
this will be in the game so just a
features but additional five so it's
additional five plane trials for GTA 5
which is which is fun I guess
bases like a maze or checkpoints up and
down through deserts oceans deserts
mountains I said deserts twice but yeah
it's five additional ones which things
pretty cool this one is exclusive for
the collector's edition basically get
some vehicles we get a unique vehicles
and a garage property for the game so
the first one I'm gonna talk about is
the hot knife which is a 1930s style hot
rod which looks for a snazzy I did find
an old picture of this from Vice City I
think it was it might be GTA san andreas
actually I'm not sure
but the hot life is very much a very
American car like a muscley crazy car
looks pretty epic I'll say next
exclusive to the collector's edition of
the game
I reckon they will they will perhaps
release this afterwards as like a paid
DLC but yeah eventually the other one is
a carbon RS which is a sports bike looks
very very nice Libre like long very very
quick very epic I want it so much
the other ones are very high-end another
Transat next I place that completely
wrong but camel iron or something like
that
oh no it's electric car for online which
looks very very very quick indeed so
great for getting away from the police
and being friendly to the environment
because the electric car yeah the point
where our Juice we've been like one hour
she's a bit unfortunate anyway have you
guys enjoyed this episode I'll see you
guys very soon so if you guys want to
check me out on Twitter and gain my army
hope you guys enjoyed the video
smack it off a massive massive like
please I'm really do a push I just smack
it over like leave me a comment below it
could feature in a video in the next
part potentially I'll see you guys very
soon
buh-bye thanks for watching see you guys
later